http://katafrakt.me/2017/04/29/snowflake-method-for-software-projects/

One sentence summary
A website for catching up on livestreams you missed each week.

Motivation
I occasionally find myself scanning archives of IWBTG fangame livestreams from
a day or two earlier, looking for newly released games, speedrun times, and
occasional playthroughs of my own games that I missed live. It would be nice if
I could speed up this process, and be sure to not accidentally miss any streams.
I imagine that if I used this app every day, then others also might find it
useful.
I also want to learn Go, because it's used at Twitch, where I'd like to work,
and to broaden my skills a little. This project would also look nice on my
resume.

Main features
- Browse thumbnails of recent streams
- Click to jump to the Twitch video archive at that time
- Most recent streams appear first, and can scroll to previous days
- Ability to scan quickly (20s) for overview, or spend a few minutes and go deep
- Support for multiple channel groups with their own pages

Personas
Chuck is ~25 years old and works very hard as a software engineer. He used to
have more time and energy after work, but nowadays he's often exhausted by
the evening and doesn't have as much time and energy to joke around in Twitch
chats and chat in Discord servers, let alone search for and watch past
broadcasts of new fangame releases or special streamer events. Chuck does
sometimes lurk in streams during the day when there's a lull in the work.
Chuck might look for popular new fangame releases, and thumb through every
stream of a few select channels he especially likes.

Patrick is 22 years old and is a full-time computer science student. He
frequently watches a variety of channels on Twitch at various hours during
the day, depending on class schedule and activities with friends. The time
he spends on Twitch oscillates every few weeks due to business with school;
some weeks he barely watches at all, and doesn't care to catch up. Patrick
might look for people playing one of his games, and any fangames he hasn't seen
before / every new release.

User Stories
Klazen is chilling in the evening, chatting on Discord and watching a stream,
and gets a little interested if anything intresting happened on Twitch in the
last couple days since he hasn't watched much. He opens the site in a new tab,
looks at a few mundane streams, then notices Stonk did a triple-K3 any% stream!
Excited, he wants to listen to Stonk's reactions after finishing each run, and
check out the run times and chat reactions.

Patrick hasn't watched Twitch much this week and is curious what the new
fangames of the week look like. He opens up the site and searches for specific
streamers like Para, Geezer, and Sunbla, and if their stream titles say they're
playing new releases. He then wants fine granularity and high resolution images
to check out the games, and also watch a few minutes of the Twitch VOD of
particularly interesting ones.
